Updates to the bots content (#35)
contributor-experience/handbook: docs/guide/tools/bots.qmd

sidebar: guide
---

If you are hosting your project on GitHub, there are a number of different 
bots which can help automate parts of your contributor onboarding experience. 
These can be added to your project in a few steps, and configured to reflect 
how you would like to welcome new contributors and acknowledge their work. 
These types of tools don't completely replace human interaction by 
maintainers, but can help small teams manage initial triaging and contact 
with first time contributors.

You should discuss which of the below are useful for your project with the 
core team before they are set up. 
If you have a useful bot that helps with your contributor experience, please 
add it to the list below! 

## Examples of useful bots 

[GitHub Welcome Bot](https://github.com/apps/welcome) can be configured to 

> respond to first time PRs & Issues with guidelines, a nice message and links 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
respond to first time PRs & issues with a welcome message that provides links
```

> to resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a project's resources like contributing guidelines, code of conduct, community events calendar, etc.
```

> [PR-Triage Bot](https://github.com/apps/pr-triage) can help automatically 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PR-Triage Bot](https://github.com/apps/pr-triage) helps automatically 
```

add labels to new PRs or issues.

[All-Contributors Bot](https://github.com/apps/allcontributors) helps 
capture different contributions and add them to a specified file in the repo.

> This bot is very useful for managing contributings such as PR reviews, ideas 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot is very useful for managing contributions such as PR reviews, ideas, 
```

> discussion, mentoring or other types of work that may not be reflected in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discussions, mentoring, or other types of work that may not be reflected in 
```

sidebar: guide
---

If you are hosting your project on GitHub, there are a number of different 
bots which can help automate parts of your contributor onboarding experience. 
These can be added to your project in a few steps, and configured to reflect 
how you would like to welcome new contributors and acknowledge their work. 
These types of tools don't completely replace human interaction by 
maintainers, but can help small teams manage initial triaging and contact 
with first time contributors.

You should discuss which of the below are useful for your project with the 
core team before they are set up. 
If you have a useful bot that helps with your contributor experience, please 
add it to the list below! 

## Examples of useful bots 

[GitHub Welcome Bot](https://github.com/apps/welcome) can be configured to 
respond to first time PRs & Issues with guidelines, a nice message and links 
to resources.

[PR-Triage Bot](https://github.com/apps/pr-triage) can help automatically 
add labels to new PRs or issues.

[All-Contributors Bot](https://github.com/apps/allcontributors; 

> https://allcontributors.org/) helps capture different contributions and add them  

Reviewer 2: I don't know that this edit will render correctly as a hyperlink because there's two URLs... for consistency with the rest of the list suggest we just include the GitHub link

Author: Good catch! thanks for pointing that out =)
